Hello Kids, I hope you are having an awesome day today and welcome to my channel. This is your host, "Riya Anup". Today, we're having a fun "name guessing" game for you small kids!
In this video, you'll see pictures of animals, and you have just 5 seconds to guess their names. I will also give a small clue while you figure out the names to help you remember as well. I’m super excited to see how many you can get right! So, let’s jump right in and start the fun!
Here is the first one. Guess this animal!   
It is known as the largest animal on land. Are you ready? 
Let's check the right answer. 
It's...... "An ELEPHANT"   .... Very good.
Here comes the second one. What animal do you think it is? 
It is known as the animal with the longest neck in the world. Are you ready? 
Let's check the right answer. 
It's..... "A GIRAFFE"........ Well done.
Here goes the third one. Can you guess which animal this is?  
I am pretty sure you know this animal for sure... This animal is also known as the king of the jungle.
Let's check the right answer. 
It's..... "A LION"....  Keep it up.
And now the fourth one. Try guessing this animal? 
This one should be an easy one. It lives on top of the trees and loves bananas.
Let's check the right answer. 
It's..... "A MONKEY".... Great job.
Let's keep going now, here is the fifth one. Can you guess which animal this is?
It looks like a large cat and the beautiful stripes on this animal should make it easy for you to remember the name. 
Let's check the right answer. 
It's..... "A TIGER"........ Woohoo!!.
Great job guys, we are half way now and here is the sixth one. Guess this beautiful fast animal?  
Does this animal remind you of a unicorn? 
Let's check the right answer. 
It's..... "A HORSE"..... Nice.
Just a few more to go! Here is the Seventh one. Guess this large animal?   
This animal is known to love honey. Did you get the name now?
Let's check the right answer. 
It's..... "A BEAR"..... Keep it up.
Next is the number eight. What animal do you think this is?     
This one runs and hops really fast and also loves carrots. 
Let's check the right answer. 
It's..... "A RABBIT"...... Super!!.
Two more to go. Here is the ninth animal. What do you think its name is?   
I do not think you need any more clues for this one. I am pretty sure that all of you boys and girls might already have the name in your mind by now as soon as you saw the picture. 
Let's check the right answer. 
It's..... "A ZEBRA"..... Good job.
Here is the tenth one. Let us finish it and wrap it up by guessing the name of this last animal?     
This little animal is famous for being clever in the stories we have heard about. Figured it out now? 
Let's check the right answer. 
It's..... "A FOX"...... Awesome.
So kids, Let me know how many names you guessed right by putting it in the comments section below. 
Thanks for watching this video. If you liked this video, please please please press the like button and do share it with your family and friends. Also, don't forget to subscribe so you never miss out on any of my videos.
This is your host "Riya Anup" signing off for now and we will see you all on my next learning video then. I wish you all of you kids happy learning. Bye Bye.